# Configuring

> Here you should include the process and product of your 2nd activity: **Configuring**

<table><thead><tr class="header"><th>Title</th><th>Configuring (process): Circulation Manifold (product)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr class="odd"><td>Objective</td><td>Formulate a spatial (topological) concept, design a modular circulation manifold on a pixel/voxel grid.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td>Procedure</td><td><p>Construct a voxelated model of the site with a maximum height of 100 meters. Orient the voxel grid to a global coordinate system (e.g. geographical North-East-West-South). Size the voxels carefully based on the modular height of steps and the length of stair flights and ramps so that they fit in X/Y directions into multiple pixels. Choose the Z size of voxels according to step risers and choose the same size for X and Y as a whole multiple of step threads.</p><p>There are three types of spaces in terms of pedestrian movement in buildings, metaphorically speaking, spaces to <strong>walk</strong> through (e.g. corridors, ramps, and stairs), spaces to <strong>stand</strong> on (e.g. platforms connecting doors to corridors and stairs) and spaces to <strong>sit</strong> on (functional rooms/spaces). Construct a simplified mesh model of all bridges (corridors, ramps, stairs) connected by standing platforms in a modular grid of voxels/pixels. Take into account the free-height necessary for all spaces and pack them into the bounding volume of the building. For every functional space, leave a single pixel as a standing platform and colour it with the corresponding colour.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>